Include example of catalog.ts update for discovery interval change. (#7167)
backstage/backstage: docs/integrations/github/discovery.md

## GitHub API Rate Limits

GitHub [rate limits] API requests to 5,000 per hour (or more for Enterprise
accounts). The default Backstage catalog backend refreshes data every 100
seconds, which issues an API request for each discovered location.

This means if you have more than ~140 catalog entities, you may get throttled by
rate limiting. This will soon be resolved once catalog refreshes make use of
ETags; to work around this in the meantime, you can change the refresh rate of
the catalog in your `packages/backend/src/plugins/catalog.ts` file:

```typescript
const builder = await CatalogBuilder.create(env);

// For example, to refresh every 5 minutes (300 seconds).

> builder.setRefreshIntervalSeconds(300);

Reviewer: The `.setRefreshIntervalSeconds()` actually returns the builder back so the object needs to be stored or used right away.

This line is perhaps better so that readers don't make that mistake `await builder.setRefreshIntervalSeconds(300).build()`

Author: It seems to return a reference to the same object either way (`return this`), not a new object, so they should be functionally equivalent. ([link](https://github.com/backstage/backstage/blob/master/plugins/catalog-backend/src/next/NextCatalogBuilder.ts#L153))

Reviewer 2: I'm OK with either, at this point we probably can't change that behaviour of the builder (making it immutable or whatnot).

```

> Alternatively, or additionally, you can use the [github-apps plugin] which

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, or additionally, you can configure [github-apps] authentication which
```

Author: Happy to change this, but wondering if "authentication" might be conflated with the [GitHub authentication provider](https://backstage.io/docs/auth/github/provider)? Perhaps "github-apps integration" is more correct? I'm not sure.

This page is also referred to as "github-apps plugin" in [this document](https://backstage.io/docs/integrations/github/locations#authentication-with-github-apps), so I'm somewhat worried about the inconsistency if I change it here.

Reviewer 2: That wording in the other article is wrong - it's for sure not a plugin in and of itself.

carries a much higher rate limit at GitHub.

This is true for any method of adding GitHub entities to the catalog, but
especially easy to hit with automatic discovery.

[rate limits]:
  https://docs.github.com/en/rest/overview/resources-in-the-rest-api#rate-limiting

> [github-apps plugin]: ../../plugins/github-apps.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[github-apps]: ../../plugins/github-apps.md
```
